Haikyu
Episode 24: Monsters' Ball
One touch!
There are plenty of guys in this
world who we're no match for,
and it's natural to find
people like that amazing.
Got it!
But if you're thinking they're
geniuses from the start,
that just means you've lost before
you even had a match with them.
And it's rude.
Sorry, it's long!
Damn it... Just five more centimeters...
You should be able to reach that!
Jump higher! Reach!
His foot!
Hinata Shoyo shows incredible
balance and skill!
Inarizaki                                                                                                        Karasuno
Karasuno somehow manages to stop
Inarizaki from getting a break point!
Damn it! Don't get exhausted now!
Complain, damn it!
Complain? Why?
Gimme the next one, too!
I thought Kageyama had nothing
to be scared of anymore.
But...
It's not just the enemy that can
push you beyond your limits.
I'm moved, Shoyo-kun.
Inarizaki                                                                                                Karasuno
Inarizaki's cutting things off instantly now.
This goes for both schools,
but their ability to go straight for the
middle when they're in trouble is amazing.
There are times where Atsumu's
concentration suddenly breaks.
But today, it actually feels like
it just keeps getting sharper.
But I do think that monsters exist.
Yeah, so do I.
We Don't Need the Memories
There are monsters who profess
their love for volleyball every day.
Getting to meet them,
stand on the same court with them,
and face them on the other side of the net...
I was invited to the monsters' ball.
Aren't I lucky?
Our only option is to get through this!
Yeah!
Miya Atsumu's serving.
He had been concentrating his
efforts on competing with Nishinoya-kun.
But we don't know who
he'll bare his fangs at next.
The pressure the Karasuno receivers
must be feeling is unfathomable.
Following right after Karasuno's Kageyama,
Inarizaki's Miya Atsumu just
pulled off a service ace!
It's hard to believe that a high school student
could pull off such a high-level serve.
Nice serve, Atsumu! Nice serve, Atsumu!
Go, go, Atsumu! One more time!
Hope and despair just
keep chasing each other.
Scary...
It just passes by in a blink of an eye.
One more point! One more point!
And Inarizaki is at match point!
Hey.
We don't need any miracles.
Things like this keep happening every time.
Karasuno's not scared?
They're hanging on the edge,
and Miya Atsumu's serving!
One step back, and it's
over a cliff's edge.
You never get used to this.
My hands and knees feel like
they're going to shake.
But... we're not trying for a miracle here.
We're just going to repeat the same thing
we've done time and time again.
Daichi-san!
Just like a silent roar!
After that graceful jump float serve,
he shakes up Karasuno with
an intense spike serve!
It's gonna go past the net!
I'm not going to lose! I'm not going to lose!
Gimme the next one, too!
I'm not going to... lose...
to him!
Seriously?
Hinata Shoyo goes down the center!
Kageyama Tobio manages to set the ball
that was about to go over the net!
That was such a high hit!
It's as though Hinata-kun has wings!
And then there's Kageyama-kun!
I can't believe he got it to him!
The hell?
Well done, Hinata!
It's not that he believes in the setter.
Thanks!
Nice kill, Shoyo!
He just believes that
the ball will come to him.
Thanks!
Way to get in there!
I thought I had a chance!
"You'll get the ball up here, won't you?"
You've got guts!
Got scared for a sec there!
You've got my condolences, Tobio-kun.
You've got one scary partner there.
What's so weird about that?
All of you guys need to
consider how others feel!
Huh? That wasn't funny at all.
What are you...
It wasn't meant as a joke!
I win.
What? Stop looking at me like that!
I'm the one who scored the point!
Hey!
It's all because of me, but...
Nice kill.
Don't say that with that face!
Inarizaki                                                                         Karasuno
Nice serve!
Good, good, good.
Their #10 is finally out for a while.
Two more turns and Azumane will serve!
That's probably going to be their best bet!
Make sure they don't get a break until then!
Man, I'm tired.
Tired of running and full-on jumping...
Of their setter I can't read.
The front! The front! Samu!
If I could stuff him right now, I'm sure
the whole team would lose their minds.
But I can't.
So you better be there...
And middle blocker Hinata Shoyo
gets the ball up again!
Excellent positioning!
Shoyo-san!
Aw, damn it... I've known
this for a while, but...
He's just...
so damn good at blocking!
We Don't Need the Memories
Inarizaki High School Volleyball Club
I don't care if it's God,
Buddha, or a goddess...
Karasuno Taiko
Let us have this one point... Please!
Counter!
Back minus!
Nice receive!
How do you even get that ball?
Who's that guy again? The libero?
That was amazing...
That receive was amazing,
but the blockers set things up
so that he could get it.
The spikers, who try to break
through those blocks and receives...
The setters, who try to create the
optimal situation for the spiker...
The servers, who give it their all
so the setters won't have to work.
They all work together until
the ball hits the ground.
If you lose your train of thought
for even one second...
You get left behind.
Damn it.
My mind's clear... But my
legs aren't keeping up.
Sorry.
Karasuno's can barely stay on their feet.
Kageyama!
You've got this... You've got this.
Azumane-san!
It's beautiful...
I'm jealous of the first-years
and second-years,
and the incoming first-years who will keep
hitting these sets, but at the same time...
Three blockers!
I also feel sorry for them.
Damn it...
Karasuno gets the break!
Yeah!
Nice kill.
It pisses me off.
Wait, what?
You saw that he shifted
his time to spike, right?
He was trying that out at our practice match.
Wait, was he?
He waits for the moment the
blockers start to go down to hit.
If he messed up, it'd end up
just being a weak spike.
I couldn't tell at all.
The fact that he was able to
make this incomplete spike work
in the very last part of this match where
everyone's tired, and he didn't break his form...
It all pisses me off.
Inarizaki                                                                                                Karasuno
And now, Karasuno's at match point!
My chest's starting to hurt...
Yeah...
Do you know how the guys on
the court feel right now?
Their stamina's gotta be about to run out.
And they're dealing with an insane
amount of pressure and nervousness.
They're thinking, "Whoever scores
here gets to be the hero."
Haikyu!!
Inarizaki                                                         Karasuno
Just one more point.
Go...
Go!
He really has some nerve getting
excited over those first-year brats.
Best high school setter, my ass!
Man... what a luxury...
Hearing someone mentally
saying, "Give the ball to me."
That intent to kill that ball, as if he's saying,
"I'll definitely get that point."
This is the best!
And using all that as a decoy...
is the ultimate luxury.
I'm not gonna let them just
keep picking up my attacks.
I'm the one who actually attacked, though.
And Suna makes the point.
Inarizaki's attacks decide to mess
with Karasuno a little longer.
The Miya Twins haven't actually
used their quicks that often...
But they leave such an impact
that they're still useful.
And I'm sure Atsumu wants
to use plenty of new toys.
He's actually doing a good job holding back.
Yes.
Apparently the game on court A is intense.
They might actually go over
30 points in their final set.
Wow, that's rough!
Inarizaki managed to get this ball up, too!
Samu!
Their blockers are also insanely persistent.
The tension's so thick here that it feels
like it's about to burst at any second.
Left! Left!
But they aren't going to
let it burst just yet!
Each side's concentration is solid as a rock!
Look at that high spike from Ojiro Aran!
Yeah!
Just listen to those stands!
That spike went right over the block!
Inarizaki has a firm grasp on
Karasuno's back and won't let go!
Miya Osamu's in the back,
so there won't be a quick.
Please use this chance to score!
Asahi-san!
It's long!
But...
He's still going to get
that ball up in the air.
I can't believe it.
Just how bold is this first-year,
Kageyama Tobio?!
But it looks like all of Karasuno's players
are going for the attack in the end.
Nice, nice, Karasuno! Push it,
push it, Karasuno! One more time!
They're all ready to make that kill.
That's what makes Karasuno so strong,
but it must take so much stamina and energy.
Inarizaki                                                                                     Karasuno
Just one more point...
Just one more point.
We Don't Need the Memories
Inarizaki High School Volleyball Team
It's not going to reach!
Up front!
This guy...
But he's been going for the "just make
it over" serve this whole time...
Gin!
Back! Back!
Free ball!
Attack!
Hurry!
We have to be faster than them!
Before the enemy gets back on their feet...
Before they catch up!
Fast! Oh-so fast!
Karasuno goes in for the kill!
The libero Akagi managed to save it, but...
Not good.
Slow down! Slow down the pace!
Left! Left!
Slow it down!
A straight!
Don't let it get through!
Left!
They're already blocking!
My approach was too short!
It's getting deflected!
One more time! One more time!
Go back!
Slow down! Take it easy!
You guys need to slow down!
The rhythm of their strong will to
finish things off is picking up pace.
Stop panicking! Stop! Do every step slowly!
Speed is a curse.
It narrows their view,
makes it harder to breathe,
and makes them suffer,
but at the same time...
They're strangling themselves.
Faster, back to the net!
Got it!
Let's take it easy.
It's so simple and such a minor thing,
but it gets forgotten all the time.
A first touch that's nice and high.
A first touch that allows his
teammates to breathe again.
What the heck happened to Hinata
at the first-years' training camp?
The crowd...
Actually, even most of the players on the
court won't think of this as a big deal.
That it's just a pass.
I may be little, but I can jump!
I want to hit the ball, too.
Send me a toss, too.
Oh, yes. I love spiking.
Regardless, I want to play in the match.
I want to stand on the court.
Crap... I might just cry.
Significant approach distance...
...achieved!
Synchronized attack!
Making time for your teammates also
gives the opponents time, too.
But that's fine.
Now... Take this head-on!
The final point...
This is it...
Finish it!
It doesn't...
...matter where!
We're not letting you through that easily!
They returned it!
Holy crap!
Up front! Up front!
Karasuno's tenacity is throwing
Inarizaki into chaos!
Go back! Go back!
Hurry!
Twins' Quick
Twins' Quick...
Minus Tempo
...Minus Tempo...
"Back"
...Back!
This position...
This timing...
This angle...
We Don't Need the Memories
It's perfect.
Inarizaki                                                                                                  Karasuno
I think...
Everyone was surprised.
But we weren't.
In a battle lasting 0.1 seconds,
it was only these two...
That didn't waver even a millimeter
at the twins' insanely
fast attack from the back.
Speed is a very, very strong weapon.
It's very charming and cool.
But it's not invincible.
They knew that a little better
than everyone else.
Episode 25: The Promised Land
Next time, "The Promised Land."